DEVX-2386: simplify SR subject check example to single command (#896)
confluentinc/examples: clients/docs/includes/client-example-schema-registry-2-java.rst

> Verify your |ccloud| |sr| credentials by trying to list the |sr| subjects.

Reviewer: LGTM, my only minor suggestion would be to remove "trying to" in each section:

```suggestion
Verify your |ccloud| |sr| credentials by listing the |sr| subjects.
```

Author: @rspurgeon thanks, done for all examples
